Add ASG cooldown and health_check_grace_period (#770)
terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-eks: CHANGELOG.md

- Adding `encrypted` option to worker's root_block_device as read from the worker configurations (by @craig-rueda)
- Use correct policy arns for CN regions (cn-north-1, cn-northwest-1) (by @cofyc)
- Add support for ASG max instance lifetime (by @sidprak)
- Add `default_cooldown` option to workers ASG (by @ArieLevs)

> - Add `health_check_grace_period` option to workers ASG (by @ArieLevs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `default_cooldown` and `health_check_grace_period` options to workers ASG (by @ArieLevs)
```
